The first class of Gilead was made up of 100 brothers,
and these 100 brothers were divided into three different groups.
The school was new for everyone.
The instructors spent a lot of time before Gilead school started
mimographing all the material to be used in class.
Brother Nor would come at times to give a talk.
He assigned me to work in the Bethel in Rio de Janeiro.
We came to Brazil on an airplane,
because the Nazis were sinking ships in the Atlantic,
and the Japanese were sinking ships in the Pacific.
I arrived here on November 17, 1945.
At the end of that month, there were 200 publishers.
The following year, there were 200 more.
After that, every year thanks to the establishment of missionary homes
and the preaching work in the big cities,
the work kept growing.
In Bethel, we learned about the problems
and helped the preaching work in Brazil.
The media gave some negative publicity about us,
and we were told we had to leave the country within 10 days.
This happened twice, because the first time,
Venuncio, he was our lawyer.
Venuncio prevented it from happening.
He took the lead in making publicity in our favor.
After this, the missionaries were followed by the Maritime Police,
and the Maritime Police that followed me learned the truth,
because they attended the meetings with me.
Yes.
When we see a need to renew our resolve,
we must follow Bible teachings.
Do the preaching work despite what the authorities may do,
because when all is said and done,
things will work out just like Jehovah wants them to.